[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
adventure film time trap
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
a long time ago there was a legend of
the fountain of youth
in the 13th century the queen of spain
sent warriors to find the fountain
but the troop got nothing and all went
missing in the end
in the present time hopper archaeology
professor
is looking for the fountain as well when
hopper was a child
his younger sister got a bad illness and
the doctors could do nothing about that
without any choice his parents had to
resort to the fountain in its magic
power
his family set out to find it but
unfortunately
disappeared suddenly for decades since
then
opera has been searching for his family
all around the world but to no success
until someday he occasionally discovers
his parents van in the wild he checks
the van
and finds his family's photo album
inside
he then searches around catching sight
of a cave in the distance
after observing it he believes there
must be some clues relating to his
family's disappearance
his dog however moves back and starts
barking at the cave
seeming to tell him it's fears hopper
comes closer to the cave
and takes a look into it with a
flashlight it's dark inside
and he can't see anything but eventually
he discovers a man's shadow
standing motionless inside he's then
horrified by the gun carried by the man
as he's confused a lot by that situation
he rushes back to his accommodation
and packs up his gear for further
expedition before leaving he tells his
assistants not to come with him
before entering the cave he prepares a
rope in a nearby cave for safety reason
then hopper heads into the cave found
earlier where he sees that man is still
there
holding the same pose like he's been
frozen up
as he descends further huffer is shocked
to touch some kind of transparent air
wall
despite that he steps through it two
days later
his two assistants blonde and handsome
decide to go find the professor
because they've lost contact with him
all these days the two sets out in a
truck
and go together with another three
friends the group soon find a cave
and head into it leaving the fat boy to
keep guard outside
where he's too afraid to get inside the
rest take the rope to search down
on the way they also hit a transparent
air wall but they don't take it
seriously
and continue to move forward on the
other side hopper tries to follow the
man who walks deeper inside the cave
but suddenly hears a strange sound and
sees lights flickering outside the cave
hopper is distracted and runs out of the
cave immediately
what's weird he feels that he just
stayed inside for a few minutes just
now but by the time he runs out it's
already night outside
and his car is covered with overgrown
plants he soon discovers his assistant's
truck and backpacks nearby
still confused he returns to the cave
trying to look for them
on the other side the four young men
descend into the cave
but as they search deeper they hear some
weird noises like screaming and wailing
they have a horrible feeling so they
decide to go back
but when they climb upward the halfway
the rope beats abruptly
causing the two assistants to fall and
suffer bad injuries
they suppose it would be a prank from
the fat boy waiting outside
they call the boy through their
walkie-talkie but the responding sound
seems like coming from the direction of
the deeper cave instead of that cave
from which they came
they head toward the direction in which
the sound comes
what they see is another entrance with
lights flickering
cara stands on one rock to have a closer
view of outside
and suddenly she sees the broken rope
than the dead body of the fat boy
they rush to check the fatty's backpack
and camera and are shocked to find the
video footage which is actually recorded
a few days ago
after their departure it's shown that
after they separated
the fat boy recorded a video for his
friends telling that he has waited for
them for several days
and runs out of food and water but he
couldn't leave this place
because handsome kept the trucks key in
order to survive the wilderness
he searched around for some edible
plants at the same time he accidentally
found the rope left by hopper
he supposed his friends tied the rope so
he tried to get down to look for them
for the key
but the rope abruptly broke so that he
fell to die
the group is confused by the current
situation they can't even figure out why
they just stayed
inside the cave for just half an hour
which however is actually several days
outside
according to the video reporting date in
order to find out what happened
the uninjured cara climbs upward onto
the surface
she struggles to reach the surface
finally but only finds a wild
ruined world which is totally different
from the world where she used to live
then kara searches around and tries to
seek gps signals
but no matter how far she gets she can't
get rid of the enormous dust storms
right then she's astonished to discover
a huge triangle-shaped object
floating in the sky without any choice
kerry gets back to her friends
telling them what she has seen outside
but the rest seemed to find it hard to
believe
instead they asked cara why she just
came back to the cave after a second
while cara claims that she struggled for
almost half an hour on the surface
therefore the three check the video
footage and compares it with that film
by kara
as a result they realize that they are
trapped in different time zones and
spaces
which are separated outside and inside
by the transparent air wall
the flickering of lights shows the day
and night shifting outside
it's also revealed that their rope
wasn't cut by someone
but just broke itself due to the
weathering and if they stay
inside the cave for a few hours
thousands of years outside
could have passed frightened by the time
difference they think they have to leave
here
but while cara climbs upward a small
device drops down through the exit
and lands on the ground it then
transforms into mechanical stairs
running all the way up to the surface
then a giant walks down the stairs
they are so terrified and run away on
their way
some torches are found on the ground
then they see hopper's family lying not
far away
whose boy temperature shows they were
just dead a few minutes ago
suddenly they notice a few cavemen
squatting ahead
those cavemen notice them as well and
attack them
handsome fights alone in order to
protect the girls but gets injured badly
the giant walks toward a fountain nearby
he takes out a vial
and fills it with water from the
fountain then he throws handsome into
the fountain
who revives in no time it is revealed
that the fountain has the power to heal
the injured
and revive the dead soon after that the
caveman come back to attack them
the giant takes the edge but his mask is
broken by cavemen in the fight
because of that the giant shows his
human face but is suffocating to near
death
before dying the giant shows the group
of video
that tells the truth of all these
actually in the outside world
thousands of years have passed and earth
is entirely uninhabitable due to
pollution
so humans launch a migration plan and
later establish a colony on mars
a huge triangular object hanging over
the sky
is actually the accelerator used to
propel spaceships
while caro was seeking signals outside
they detected the gps
tracker it turns out the giant is a
future human from mars
unfortunately the giant later dies from
suffocation
at the same time they find professor
hopper's backpack
it means hopper has been here before
they start to look for him
with the hope that he may know what to
do next when handsome turns onto a turn
off
he finds a few cavemen lying unconscious
and hopper struggling with
injuries right then handsome is shocked
to see the ongoing motionless fight
between spain's warriors and the cavemen
which is happening in a space with an
extremely slow pace of time
hopper explains that this cave includes
several time layers
corresponding to different time paces
it's a time trap
designed to prevent people from
revealing the fountain of youth to the
world
hanson leaves to get some water from the
fountain to safe hopper
suddenly some cavemen come to attack
them they try to escape with the
mechanical stairs
while cara approaches close to the top
she finds that the exit is covered by a
layer of water
then a hand reaches out trying to pull
her upward into the water
handsome can't seize her but to let her
go he falls down
because the stair is turned off by the
coming cavemen
in the water cara is put under the
protection of a mask
and gradually pulled away seconds later
kara's friends are all taken out of the
cave by the mechanical tentacles
which are flexible and able to reach the
deep cave
in the end the fat boy wakes up in a
pool but only finds the awakened
hopper's family
being in a pool nearby in fact within
seconds on earth
the future humans on mars have
experienced generations of evolution
which allows them to create a
transmission system used to rescue
people
outside the cave and revive them with
the fountain water
and those people being saved are taken
on a spaceship heading to mars
this is daniel cc movie channel bye